The schema describes the structure of Source Maps v3. It is an object type. It defines several reusable components under 'definitions': 'sectionMap' is a oneOf type, which requires either a 'url' property of type string with no additional properties, or a 'map' property that references the root schema allowing a recursive structure. The main properties of the schema are: 'version' is an integer that describes the file version (always the first entry in the object) and must be a positive integer, with a default value of 3. 'file' is a string which is an optional name of the generated code that this source map is associated with, and has a default value of 'An optional name of the generated code that this source map is associated with.'. 'sourceRoot' is a string which is an optional source root, useful for relocating source files on a server or removing repeated values in the 'sources' entry. This value is prepended to the individual entries in the 'source' field and has a default value of ' An optional source root, useful for relocating source files on a server or removing repeated values in the 'sources' entry.  This value is prepended to the individual entries in the 'source' field.'. 'sources' is an array of strings that represents a list of original sources used by the 'mappings' entry. 'sourcesContent' is an array that optionally contains a list of source content, useful when the 'source' can't be hosted. The contents are listed in the same order as the sources in line 5. 'null' may be used if some original sources should be retrieved by name. 'names' is an array of strings that represents a list of symbol names used by the 'mappings' entry. 'mappings' is a string that contains the encoded mapping data. 'sections' is an array that must have at least one item and must contain unique items, where each item conforms to the 'sectionMap' definition and may also contain an 'offset' object with 'line' and 'column' as integers. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.