The schema describes a task representation. It is an object type. It defines several reusable components under 'definitions': The main properties of the schema are: '_id' is a string Unique identifier for this archetype record, optional, with a maximum length of 50 and a default value of ''. 'draft' is a boolean Indicates this archetype record is a draft and is not published, optional, with a default value of false. 'created' is a string Date and time this archetype record was created in ISO 8601 date standard e.g. YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sTZD, optional, with a format of date-time and a default value of ''. 'updated' is a string Date and time this archetype record was updated in ISO 8601 date standard e.g. YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sTZD, optional, with a format of date-time and a default value of ''. 'task' is a string The task, required, with a maximum length of 4000 and a default value of ''. 'status' is a string Three options in string format to describe status of the task, required, with allowed values: 'not completed', 'completed', 'on hold' and a default value of 'not completed'. 'list' is a string The list this task belongs to, optional, with a maximum length of 300 and a default value of ''. 'parent_task' is a string ID of another task that this task belongs to, optional, with a maximum length of 100 and a default value of ''. 'category' is a string Category for the task, optional, with a maximum length of 50 and a default value of ''. 'due_date' is a string Date and time the task is due in ISO 8601 date standard e.g. YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sTZD, optional, with a format of date-time and a default value of ''. 'priority_level' is an integer Priority level. 5 being the most important, optional, with a minimum value of 1, a maximum value of 5, and a default value of 1. 'percentage_completed' is an integer Number out of 100 to represent how much of this task has been completed, optional, with a minimum value of 0, a maximum value of 100, and a default value of 0. 'assignees' is an array People whom this task has been assigned to, optional, with a maximum of 30 items, items must be unique, additional items are not allowed, with a default value of an empty array and items being strings with a default value of ''. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.