The schema describes a Codex Instance. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'id' is a string the ID of the original record within its own database: since these come from various sources they may take different forms, e.g. integer, UUID. It is required. 'title' is a string the primary title (or label) associated with the resource. It is required. 'altTitle' is a string an alternative title for the resource. (e.g. original language version title of a movie). It is optional. 'series' is a string a series title associated with the resource (e.g. Harry Potter). It is optional. 'contributor' is an array list of contributors to the resource. It is optional, and it accommodates additional items while ensuring unique items. Each item is an object with properties 'type' as a string type of contributor to the resource and 'name' as a string name of contributor to the resource. 'subject' is an array list of subjects this resource belongs to. It is optional, and it accommodates additional items while ensuring unique items. Each item is an object with properties 'type' as a string type of subject and 'name' as a string name of subject. 'publisher' is a string name of publisher of the resource. It is optional. 'date' is a string the date of publication of the resource. It is optional. 'type' is a string content type of the resource, with allowed values being 'audio', 'audiobooks', 'books', 'bookseries', 'databases', 'ebooks', 'kits', 'maps', 'music', 'newspapers', 'newsletters', 'periodicals', 'posters', 'reports', 'proceedings', 'thesisanddissertation', 'unspecified', 'video', 'webresources'. It is required. 'format' is a string format of the resource. It is optional. 'identifier' is an array an extensible set of name-value pairs of identifiers associated with the resource. It is optional, and it accommodates additional items while ensuring unique items. Each item is an object with properties 'value' as a string identifier type : e.g. ISSN and 'type' as a string identifier value. 'source' is a string a label indicating the source of the recent, e.g. kb, local. It is required. 'language' is an array the set of languages used by the resource. It is optional. 'rights' is a string access rights associated with the resource. It is optional. 'version' is a string version of the resource. It is optional. 'lastModified' is a string date/time when this resource was last modified. It is optional. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.