The schema describes a configuration for AAA parameters. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'aaadloglevel' is a string representing the logging level for AAA, with allowed values: 'EMERGENCY', 'ALERT', 'CRITICAL', 'ERROR', 'WARNING', 'NOTICE', 'INFORMATIONAL', 'DEBUG'. 'aaadnatip' is an optional string for the NAT IP. 'aaasessionloglevel' is a string denoting the session logging level, with allowed values: 'EMERGENCY', 'ALERT', 'CRITICAL', 'ERROR', 'WARNING', 'NOTICE', 'INFORMATIONAL', 'DEBUG'. 'builtin' is an object that is read-only, describing the built-in properties and allows no additional properties. 'defaultauthtype' is a string that specifies the default authentication type, with allowed values: 'LOCAL', 'LDAP', 'RADIUS', 'TACACS', 'CERT'. 'dynaddr' is a string that indicates whether dynamic addressing is enabled, with allowed values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'enableenhancedauthfeedback' is a string to enable enhanced authentication feedback, with allowed values: 'YES', 'NO'. 'enablesessionstickiness' is a string that indicates whether session stickiness is enabled, with allowed values: 'YES', 'NO'. 'enablestaticpagecaching' is a string for enabling static page caching, with allowed values: 'YES', 'NO'. 'failedlogintimeout' is an integer specifying the timeout for failed login attempts. 'feature' is a string representing feature flags with numerous allowed values, including 'WL', 'WebLogging', 'SP', 'SurgeProtection', etc. 'ftmode' is a string defining the failover mode, with allowed values: 'ON', 'HA', 'OFF'. 'maxaaausers' is an integer limiting the maximum number of AAA users. 'maxkbquestions' is an integer that sets the max number of knowledge base questions. 'maxloginattempts' is an integer that limits the max number of login attempts. 'maxsamldeflatesize' is an integer limiting the size for SAML deflate. 'persistentloginattempts' is a string indicating if persistent login attempts are enabled, with allowed values: 'ENABLED', 'DISABLED'. 'pwdexpirynotificationdays' is an integer that specifies the number of days for password expiration notification. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.