The schema describes audit logging parameters. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'acl' is a string representing the access control level and can be either 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'alg' is a string indicating whether adaptive load balancing is enabled or disabled, with possible values 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'appflowexport' is a string that specifies if app flow export is enabled or disabled, also taking values 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'builtin' is an object that is read-only and contains fields that are not specified in this schema. 'contentinspectionlog' is a string indicating whether content inspection logging is enabled or disabled, with it being either 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'dateformat' is a string representing the date format, which can be 'MMDDYYYY', 'DDMMYYYY', or 'YYYYMMDD'. 'feature' is a string representing various features, with many possible values including 'WL', 'WebLogging', 'SP', etc. 'logfacility' is a string that specifies the log facility, with enum values ranging from 'LOCAL0' to 'LOCAL7'. 'loglevel' is an object representing the log level, details of which are not specified. 'lsn' is a string indicating if large-scale NAT is enabled or disabled, with possible values 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'serverip' is a string representing the server IP address. 'serverport' is an integer representing the server port number. 'sslinterception' is a string that indicates if SSL interception is enabled or disabled, taking values 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'subscriberlog' is a string indicating whether the subscriber log is enabled or disabled, with it being either 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'tcp' is a string specifying the TCP settings, with enum values as either 'NONE' or 'ALL'. 'timezone' is a string representing the timezone, which can be 'GMT_TIME' or 'LOCAL_TIME'. 'urlfiltering' is a string indicating if URL filtering is enabled or disabled, with possible values 'ENABLED' or 'DISABLED'. 'userdefinedauditlog' is a string representing whether a user-defined audit log is present, with values 'YES' or 'NO'. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.