The schema describes the configuration of a cluster node in a network. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'clid' is an integer representing the cluster ID, which is optional. 'clusterhealth' is a string that indicates the health status of the cluster, which is readonly and has the following allowed values: 'UP', 'Configurations of the node are lagging behind the cluster by more than 256 commands', 'The config sync operation has exceeded the time limit of 60 seconds', 'The config sync operation (full sync) is in progress', 'The node is not in sync with the cluster configurations as sync is disabled on this node', 'The execution of a configuration command has failed on this node', 'UNKNOWN'. 'effectivestate' is a string reflecting the effective state, which is readonly and has the allowed values: 'UP', 'NOT UP', 'UNKNOWN', 'INIT'. 'health' is a string that describes the node's health status, which is readonly and has the following allowed values: 'UNKNOWN', 'INIT', 'DOWN', 'UP', 'Some enabled and HAMON interfaces of the node are down', 'All interfaces of the node are down or disabled', 'SSL card(s) of the node have failed', 'Route Monitor(s) of the node have failed', 'Service state is being synchronized with the cluster', 'The backplane interface is either not set or it is down or is disabled', 'The CLAG member(s) of the node are down', 'Persistence sessions are being synchronized with the cluster', 'The Syn Cookie is being synchronized with the cluster', 'Unknown Health', 'AAA keys are being synchronized with the cluster', 'Cluster health is not up due to config sync in progress'. 'ipaddress' is a string representing the IP address, which is readonly. 'isconfigurationcoordinator' is a boolean indicating if the node is the configuration coordinator, which is readonly. 'islocalnode' is a boolean that states if the node is local, which is readonly. 'masterstate' is a string representing the master state, which is readonly and has the allowed values: 'INACTIVE', 'ACTIVE', 'UNKNOWN'. 'nodeid' is an integer representing the node ID, which is optional. 'nodejumbonotsupported' is a boolean indicating if jumbo frames are not supported, which is readonly. 'nodelicensemismatch' is a boolean that indicates if there is a license mismatch, which is readonly. 'nodersskeymismatch' is a boolean indicating if there is a key mismatch, which is readonly. 'state' is a string representing the operational state, which is readonly and has the allowed values: 'ACTIVE', 'SPARE', 'PASSIVE'. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.