The schema describes a cluster instance. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'adminstate' is a string indicating the administrative state, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED', and is readonly. 'backplanebasedview' is a string indicating if the backplane-based view is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'clid' is an integer representing the cluster ID. 'clusternoheartbeatonnode' is a boolean indicating if there is no heartbeat on the node, and is readonly. 'clusternolinksetmbf' is a boolean indicating the absence of a link set management buffer, and is readonly. 'clusternospottedip' is a boolean indicating the absence of a spotted IP, and is readonly. 'deadinterval' is an integer specifying the dead interval. 'hellointerval' is an integer specifying the hello interval. 'heterogeneousflag' is a string indicating if the node is heterogeneous, with allowed values 'YES' and 'NO', and is readonly. 'inc' is a string indicating whether incremental mode is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'jumbonotsupported' is a boolean indicating if jumbo frames are not supported, and is readonly. 'licensemismatch' is a boolean indicating if there is a license mismatch, and is readonly. 'nodegroup' is a string specifying the node group. 'nodegroupstatewarning' is a boolean indicating there is a warning in the node group state, and is readonly. 'nodepenummismatch' is a boolean indicating if there is a node enum mismatch, and is readonly. 'operationalpropstate' is a string indicating the operational property state, with allowed values 'UNKNOWN', 'ENABLED', 'DISABLED', and 'AUTO DISABLED', and is readonly. 'operationalstate' is a string indicating the operational state, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED', and is readonly. 'penummismatch' is a boolean indicating if there is a parameter enum mismatch, and is readonly. 'preemption' is a string indicating if preemption is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'processlocal' is a string indicating if the process is local, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'propstate' is a string indicating the property state, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED', and is readonly. 'quorumtype' is a string specifying the quorum type, with allowed values 'MAJORITY' and 'NONE'. 'retainconnectionsoncluster' is a string indicating if connections are retained on the cluster, with allowed values 'YES' and 'NO'. 'rsskeymismatch' is a boolean indicating if there is an RSS key mismatch, and is readonly. 'status' is a string indicating the status, with allowed values 'DOWN', 'UP', 'PARTIAL-UP', and 'UNKNOWN', and is readonly. 'validmtu' is an integer specifying the valid maximum transmission unit, and is readonly. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.