The schema describes a network access control list configuration. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'Interface' is a string representing the interface name, optional. 'acl6action' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'BRIDGE', 'DENY', 'ALLOW', optional. 'acl6name' is a string representing the ACL name, optional. 'aclaction' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'BRIDGE', 'DENY', 'ALLOW', optional. 'aclassociate' is an object that is readonly. 'destipop' is a string that must be one of the following values: '=', '!=', 'EQ', 'NEQ', optional. 'destipv6' is a boolean indicating if destination is IPv6, optional. 'destipv6val' is a string representing the destination IPv6 value, optional. 'destport' is a boolean indicating if a destination port is specified, optional. 'destportop' is a string that must be one of the following values: '=', '!=', 'EQ', 'NEQ', optional. 'destportval' is a string representing the destination port value, optional. 'dfdhash' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'SIP-SPORT-DIP-DPORT', 'SIP', 'DIP', 'SIP-DIP', 'SIP-SPORT', 'DIP-DPORT', optional. 'dfdprefix' is an integer representing the prefix length, optional. 'established' is a boolean indicating if the connection is established, optional. 'hits' is an integer that is readonly, optional. 'icmpcode' is an integer representing the ICMP code, optional. 'icmptype' is an integer representing the ICMP type, optional. 'kernelstate' is a string that is readonly and must be one of the following values: 'APPLIED', 'NOTAPPLIED', 'RE-APPLY', 'SFAPPLIED', 'SFNOTAPPLIED', optional. 'logstate' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ENABLED', 'DISABLED', optional. 'newname' is a string for a new name for the ACL, optional. 'priority' is an integer representing the priority, optional. 'protocol' is a string that must be one of the specific protocol values defined in the schema, optional. 'protocolnumber' is an integer for the protocol number, optional. 'ratelimit' is an integer for rate limiting, optional. 'srcipop' is a string that must be one of the following values: '=', '!=', 'EQ', 'NEQ', optional. 'srcipv6' is a boolean indicating if the source is IPv6, optional. 'srcipv6val' is a string representing the source IPv6 value, optional. 'srcmac' is a string representing the source MAC address, optional. 'srcmacmask' is a string representing the source MAC mask, optional. 'srcport' is a boolean indicating if a source port is specified, optional. 'srcportop' is a string that must be one of the following values: '=', '!=', 'EQ', 'NEQ', optional. 'srcportval' is a string representing the source port value, optional. 'state' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ENABLED', 'DISABLED', optional. 'stateful' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'YES', 'NO', optional. 'td' is an integer for traffic descriptor, optional. 'ttl' is an integer for time to live, optional. 'type' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'CLASSIC', 'DFD', optional. 'vlan' is an integer for VLAN ID, optional. 'vxlan' is an integer for VXLAN ID, optional. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.