The schema describes a policy evaluation. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'action' is a string optional description of the action. 'expression' is a string optional description of the expression. 'input' is a string optional description of the input. 'istruncatedrefresult' is a boolean readonly status indicating if the reference result is truncated. 'pitactionerrorresult' is a string readonly description of the action error result. 'pitactionevaltime' is an integer readonly time for action evaluation. 'pitboolerrorresult' is a string readonly description of the boolean error result. 'pitboolevaltime' is an integer readonly time for boolean evaluation. 'pitboolresult' is a boolean readonly result of the boolean evaluation. 'pitdoubleerrorresult' is a string readonly description of the double error result. 'pitdoubleevaltime' is an integer readonly time for double evaluation. 'pitdoubleresult' is a number readonly result of the double evaluation. 'pitmodifiedinputdata' is a string readonly description of the modified input data. 'pitnewoffsetarray' is an object readonly new offset array. 'pitnumerrorresult' is a string readonly description of the numeric error result. 'pitnumevaltime' is an integer readonly time for numeric evaluation. 'pitnumresult' is an integer readonly numeric evaluation result. 'pitoffseterrorresult' is a string readonly description of the offset error result. 'pitoffsetevaltime' is an integer readonly time for offset evaluation. 'pitoffsetlengtharray' is an object readonly offset length array. 'pitoffsetresult' is an integer readonly result of the offset evaluation. 'pitoffsetresultlen' is an integer readonly length of the offset result. 'pitoldoffsetarray' is an object readonly old offset array. 'pitoperationperformerarray' is an object readonly array of operation performers, allowed values are 'INSERT', 'MODIFY', 'DELETE'. 'pitreferrorresult' is a string readonly description of the reference error result. 'pitrefevaltime' is an integer readonly time for reference evaluation. 'pitrefresult' is a string readonly result of the reference evaluation. 'pitulongerrorresult' is a string readonly description of the unsigned long error result. 'pitulongevaltime' is an integer readonly time for unsigned long evaluation. 'pitulongresult' is an integer readonly result of the unsigned long evaluation. The schema does not contain reusable components. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.