The schema describes an SSL certificate key. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'builtin' is an object and readonly. It has an enum of allowed values: 'MODIFIABLE', 'DELETABLE', 'IMMUTABLE', 'PARTITION_ALL'. 'bundle' is a string and optional, with an enum of values: 'YES', 'NO'. 'cert' is a string and optional. 'certificatetype' is an object and readonly. It has an enum of allowed values: 'ROOT_CERT', 'INTM_CERT', 'CLNT_CERT', 'SRVR_CERT', 'UNKNOWN_CERT'. 'certkey' is a string and optional. 'clientcertnotafter' is a string and readonly. 'clientcertnotbefore' is a string and readonly. 'data' is an integer and readonly. 'daystoexpiration' is an integer and readonly. 'deletefromdevice' is a boolean and optional. 'expirymonitor' is a string and optional, with an enum of values: 'ENABLED', 'DISABLED'. 'feature' is a string and readonly, with an enum of various allowed values including 'WL', 'WebLogging', and many others. 'fipskey' is a string and optional. 'hsmkey' is a string and optional. 'inform' is a string and optional, with an enum of values: 'DER', 'PEM', 'PFX'. 'issuer' is a string and readonly. 'key' is a string and optional. 'linkcertkeyname' is a string and optional. 'nodomaincheck' is a boolean and optional. 'notificationperiod' is an integer and optional. 'ocspresponsestatus' is a string and readonly, with an enum of values: 'NONE', 'EXPIRED', 'VALID'. 'ocspstaplingcache' is a boolean and optional. 'passcrypt' is a string and readonly. 'passplain' is a string and optional. 'password' is a boolean and optional. 'priority' is an integer and readonly. 'publickey' is a string and readonly. 'publickeysize' is an integer and readonly. 'serial' is a string and readonly. 'servicename' is a string and readonly. 'signaturealg' is a string and readonly. 'status' is a string and readonly, with an enum of values: 'Valid', 'Not yet valid', 'Expired'. 'subject' is a string and readonly. 'version' is an integer and readonly. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.