The schema describes system parameters. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'allowdefaultpartition' is a string that specifies whether default partitioning is allowed, with allowed values 'YES' and 'NO', and is readonly. 'basicauth' is a string that indicates whether basic authentication is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'cliloglevel' is a string that sets the logging level, with allowed values 'EMERGENCY', 'ALERT', 'CRITICAL', 'ERROR', 'WARNING', 'NOTICE', 'INFORMATIONAL', and 'DEBUG'. 'doppler' is a string that specifies whether Doppler is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'fipsusermode' is a string that indicates whether FIPS user mode is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'forcepasswordchange' is a string that describes whether a forced password change is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'googleanalytics' is a string that indicates whether Google Analytics is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'localauth' is a string that specifies whether local authentication is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'maxclient' is an integer that represents the maximum number of clients and is readonly. 'minpasswordlen' is an integer that sets the minimum password length. 'natpcbforceflushlimit' is an integer that indicates the NAT PCB force flush limit. 'natpcbrstontimeout' is a string that specifies whether the NAT PCB RST on timeout is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'promptstring' is a string used for prompt messages. 'rbaonresponse' is a string that indicates whether RBA on response is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'reauthonauthparamchange' is a string that describes whether re-authentication on authorization parameter change is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'removesensitivefiles' is a string that specifies whether to remove sensitive files, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'restrictedtimeout' is a string that indicates whether a restricted timeout is enabled or disabled, with allowed values 'ENABLED' and 'DISABLED'. 'strongpassword' is a string that sets the strong password policy, with allowed values 'enableall', 'enablelocal', and 'disabled'. 'timeout' is an integer that specifies the timeout duration. 'totalauthtimeout' is an integer that indicates the total authentication timeout. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.