The schema describes a configuration for a web interface. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'agauthenticationmethod' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'Explicit', 'SmartCard'. 'agcallbackurl' is a string that is optional. 'agurl' is a string that is optional. 'appwelcomemessage' is a string that is optional. 'authenticationpoint' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'WebInterface', 'AccessGateway'. 'defaultaccessmethod' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'Direct', 'Alternate', 'Translated', 'GatewayDirect', 'GatewayAlternate', 'GatewayTranslated'. 'defaultcustomtextlocale' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'German', 'English', 'Spanish', 'French', 'Japanese', 'Korean', 'Russian', 'Chinese_simplified', 'Chinese_traditional'. 'domainselection' is a string that is optional. 'footertext' is a string that is optional. 'hidedomainfield' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'kioskmode' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'logindomains' is a string that is optional. 'loginsysmessage' is a string that is optional. 'logintitle' is a string that is optional. 'preloginbutton' is a string that is optional. 'preloginmessage' is a string that is optional. 'prelogintitle' is a string that is optional. 'publishedresourcetype' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'Online', 'Offline', 'DualMode'. 'restrictdomains' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'secondstaurl' is a string that is optional. 'sessionreliability' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'showrefresh' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'showsearch' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'sitepath' is a string that is optional. 'sitetype' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'XenAppWeb', 'XenAppServices'. 'staurl' is a string that is optional. 'userinterfacebranding' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'Desktops', 'Applications'. 'userinterfacelayouts' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'AUTO', 'NORMAL', 'COMPACT'. 'usetwotickets' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'ON', 'OFF'. 'websessiontimeout' is an integer that is optional. 'welcomemessage' is a string that is optional. 'wiauthenticationmethods' is an object that is required and must be one of the following values: 'Explicit', 'Anonymous'. 'wiuserinterfacemodes' is a string that must be one of the following values: 'SIMPLE', 'ADVANCED'. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.