The schema describes a package configuration. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'name' is a string that represents the package name using 'org/package' format. It is required. 'type' is a string that can either be 'library' for static and shared libraries or 'project' for executable projects. It is required. 'version' is a string that specifies the version of the package, used only for development purposes (eq. local repository). It is optional. 'include' is a string that indicates the path to the directory containing header files (.h and .hpp), with a default value of 'include'. It is optional. 'source' is a string that indicates the path to the directory containing source files (.c and .cpp), with a default value of 'src'. It is optional. 'compilers' is an object that lists supported compilers. By default, one of the locally supported compilers is used. It is optional. 'platform' can be a string defining a supported platform or an array of strings listing supported platforms; if unspecified, it assumes all platforms are supported. It is optional. 'arch' can be a string defining a supported architecture or an array of strings listing supported architectures, with defaults of 'x86' and 'x64'. It is optional. 'linking' can be a string indicating support for one linking type or an array of strings listing supported linking types, with defaults of 'static' and 'dynamic'. It is optional. 'dependencies' is an object that lists required dependencies, where each item contains the package name and version constraint, additionally the linking type constraint. It is optional. 'dev-dependencies' is an object that lists required dependencies while developing, with similar structures to 'dependencies'. It is optional. 'define' is an object that lists preprocessor macros, with no additional properties allowed and two properties: 'debug' and 'release' which are both objects. It is optional. 'scripts' is an object that lists user and system callbacks scripts, where each script can be a string or an array of strings, and patterns apply to the script names. It is optional. 'repositories' is an array where each item is an object that contains properties for 'type' and 'src', with 'additionalProperties' set to false. It is optional. 'config' is an object that allows additional properties. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.