The schema describes the representation of a solid medium. It is an object type. The schema resolves to the referenced definition. The main properties of the schema are: 'Name' is a string A unique identifier of the solid medium. It is required. Examples include 'Aluminum', 'Bone', 'Gold', and 'Unobtanium'. 'Speed of sound' is an object that includes the required properties 'Longitudinal' and 'Transversal'. 'Longitudinal' is a number that describes the speed of sound of a wave that oscillates in the traveling direction. It is required and must be greater than 0. 'Transversal' is a number that describes the speed of sound of a wave that oscillates in the transverse direction. It is required and must also be greater than 0. 'Acoustic attenuation' is an object that includes the required properties 'Longitudinal' and 'Transversal'. 'Longitudinal' is a number that describes the acoustic attenuation of a wave that oscillates in the longitudinal direction. It is required and must be 0 or greater. 'Transversal' is a number that describes the acoustic attenuation of a wave that oscillates in the transversal direction. It is required and must be 0 or greater. 'Density' is a value that may be either a number or a string, with one of the cases requiring it to be greater than 0. 'Heat absorption fraction' is a number that represents the fraction of the heat contributing to a temperature increase. It is required and must be between 0 and 1, inclusive. 'Isobaric mass heat capacity' is a number that describes the ratio of heat added or removed to the resulting temperature change per unit mass at constant pressure. It is required and must be greater than 0. 'Thermal conductivity' is a number that describes the property of a material to conduct heat. It is required and must be greater than 0. 'Atmospheric pressure melting point' is a number that represents the temperature at 1 atm at which the medium changes to the solid phase. It is optional and must be greater than 0. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.