The schema describes interaction objects. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'data' is an array listing identifiers (or URIs) of the references describing the data. It is optional. 'date' is a string indicating the time at which the interaction was sampled. It is optional. 'description' is a string providing a description of the interaction. It is optional. 'environment' is an array listing identifiers (or URIs) of the environments associated to the interaction. It is optional. 'id' is an integer for the data identifier. It is optional. 'item_from' is a string for the identifier (or URI) of the item establishing the interaction. It is optional. 'item_to' is a string for the identifier (or URI) of the item receiving the interaction. It is optional. 'latitude' is a string for the latitude. It is optional. 'link_type' is a string indicating the type of interaction, with allowed values: 'predation', 'herbivory', 'ectoparasitism', 'endoparasitism', 'intra-cellular parasitism', 'parasitoidism', 'mycoheterotrophy', 'antixenosis', 'teletoxy', 'amensalism', 'antibiosis', 'allelopathy', 'competition', 'facilitation', 'refuge creation', 'inquilinism', 'phoresis', 'epibiosis', 'pollination', 'mutualistic symbiosis', 'zoochory', 'mutual protection'. It is required. 'longitude' is a string for the longitude. It is optional. 'obs_type' is a string indicating how the interaction was observed, with allowed values: 'unspecified', 'observation', 'litterature', 'absence', 'inferred'. It is required. 'owner' is a string for the URI of the data owner. It is optional. 'papers' is an array listing identifiers (or URIs) of the references to the papers associated with the dataset. It is optional. 'public' is a boolean indicating whether the interaction can be viewed by all users. It is required. 'resource_uri' is a string with Unicode string data. It is optional. 'sex_from' is a string for the sex of the establishing entity, with allowed values: 'all', 'male', 'female', 'unknown'. It is required. 'sex_to' is a string for the sex of the receiving entity, with allowed values: 'all', 'male', 'female', 'unknown'. It is required. 'stage_from' is a string for the stage of the establishing entity, with allowed values: 'seed', 'juvenile', 'adult', 'dead', 'larva', 'all'. It is required. 'stage_to' is a string for the stage of the receiving entity, with allowed values: 'seed', 'juvenile', 'adult', 'dead', 'larva', 'all'. It is required. 'strength_f' is a number indicating the strength of the interaction for the item establishing the interaction. It is optional. 'strength_t' is a number indicating the strength of the interaction for the item receiving the interaction. It is optional. 'taxa_from' is a string for the identifier (or URI) of the taxa establishing the interaction. It is optional. 'taxa_to' is a string for the identifier (or URI) of the taxa receiving the interaction. It is optional. 'units_f' is a string for the units in which the interaction strength is measured. It is optional. 'units_t' is a string for the units in which the interaction strength is measured. It is optional. The schema requires 'public', 'link_type', 'stage_from', 'sex_to', 'taxa_to', 'stage_to', 'obs_type', 'taxa_from', and 'sex_from'. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.