The schema describes a revision document. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'id' is a number representing the revision identifier. 'timestamp' is a string describing the time that the revision was saved in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ format. 'page' is an object containing metadata about the page the revision was saved to, including: 'id' which is a number representing the page's identifier, 'namespace' which is a number representing the page's current namespace identifier, 'title' which is a string representing the page's full name (including namespace prefix), 'redirect' which is a string representing the redirected to page name or null, and 'restrictions' which is an array of strings representing the protection restrictions applied to this page. 'user' is an object or null that contains metadata about the user who saved the edit, including: 'id' which is a number representing the user's identifier if registered, and 'text' which is a string representing the user's user_name if registered or the IP address if anon. 'minor' is a boolean indicating if this is a minor edit. 'comment' is a string representing the revision summary, which might be null if the summary was deleted. 'text' is a string representing the content of the revision, which might be null if the revision content was deleted. 'bytes' is a number representing the size of revision content in bytes. 'sha1' is a string representing a sha1 hash of the revision content. 'parent_id' is a number representing the revision ID of the preceding revision. 'model' is a string with an undefined description. 'format' is a string with an undefined description. 'deleted' is an object representing information about the deleted/suppressed status of a revision, containing: 'text' as a boolean indicating if the text of this revision is deleted/suppressed, 'comment' as a boolean indicating if the comment of this revision is deleted/suppressed, 'user' as a boolean indicating if the user of this revision is deleted/suppressed, and 'restricted' as a boolean indicating if the revision is restricted. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.