The schema describes a Financial Payment. It is an object type. It defines several reusable components under 'definitions': The main properties of the schema are: 'company_jurisdiction' is a string Jurisdiction where company is based. It is required. 'company_name' is a string Name of the company that received the money. It is required. 'confidence' is a string Confidence in accuracy of data. It is optional and can be one of the following values: HIGH, MEDIUM, LOW. 'csv_line_number' is a string or null If the source for the data is a CSV file, you can optionally include the line number of the CSV from which this data was retrieved. It is optional. 'currency' is a string The currency of the payment (three letter symbol, e.g. USD, GBP, EUR). It is required. 'date' is a string The date on which the payment was made. It is required and must be in date format. 'department_name' is a string or null The name of the government department which the entity belongs to (if relevant), e.g. Department of Health. It is optional. 'description' is a string or null The description of the transaction as given in the raw data. It is optional. 'entity_name' is a string The name of the government entity that made the payment, e.g. Environment Agency. It is required. 'entity_uri' is a string or null A unique URL (ideally a dereferencable URI) for the government entity. It is optional. 'expense_area' is a string or null category (in words) of the expenditure. It is optional. 'expense_type' is a string The type of expense -- can be either capital, revenue (i.e. current expenditure) or null. It is optional and can be one of the following values: capital, revenue, null. 'jurisdiction' is a string The jurisdiction of the body that made the payment, e.g. UK, France, Delaware, Manchester. It is required. 'more_details_url' is a string or null A url from which more details can be seen (may be the same as the source_url). It is optional. 'payee_name' is a string The name of the payee (the entity that received the money). It is required. 'retrieved_at' is a string The date the fact was retrieved that must be in date format. It is optional. 'sample_date' is a string The date on which this fact was known to be true. It is required and must be in date format. 'source_url' is a string Place where this fact can be verified. It is required. 'transaction_number' is a string The unique identifier for the transaction, scoped to this bot. It is optional. 'value' is a string The amount transacted (e.g. 19.95). It is required. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.