The schema describes a vehicle. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'cargo_capacity' is a string that describes the maximum number of kilograms that this vehicle can transport. It is required. 'consumables' is a string that describes the maximum length of time that this vehicle can provide consumables for its entire crew without having to resupply. It is required. 'cost_in_credits' is a string that describes the cost of this vehicle new, in galactic credits. It is required. 'created' is a string that represents the ISO 8601 date format of the time that this resource was created. It is required. 'crew' is a string that describes the number of personnel needed to run or pilot this vehicle. It is required. 'edited' is a string that represents the ISO 8601 date format of the time that this resource was edited. It is required. 'films' is an array that describes an array of Film URL Resources that this vehicle has appeared in. It is required. 'length' is a string that describes the length of this vehicle in meters. It is required. 'manufacturer' is a string that describes the manufacturer of this vehicle, comma separated if more than one. It is required. 'max_atmosphering_speed' is a string that describes the maximum speed of this vehicle in atmosphere. It is required. 'model' is a string that describes the model or official name of this vehicle, such as All Terrain Attack Transport. It is required. 'name' is a string that describes the name of this vehicle, the common name, such as Sand Crawler. It is required. 'passengers' is a string that describes the number of non-essential people this vehicle can transport. It is required. 'pilots' is an array that describes an array of People URL Resources that this vehicle has been piloted by. It is required. 'url' is a string that represents the hypermedia URL of this resource. It is required. 'vehicle_class' is a string that describes the class of this vehicle, such as Wheeled. It is required. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.