The schema describes a starship. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'MGLT' is a string that represents the maximum number of Megalights this starship can travel in a standard hour. 'cargo_capacity' is a string that denotes the maximum number of kilograms that this starship can transport. 'consumables' is a string indicating the maximum length of time that this starship can provide consumables for its entire crew without having to resupply. 'cost_in_credits' is a string reflecting the cost of this starship new, in galactic credits. 'created' is a string in ISO 8601 date format representing the time that this resource was created. 'crew' is a string for the number of personnel needed to run or pilot this starship. 'edited' is a string in ISO 8601 date format indicating the time that this resource was edited. 'films' is an array of Film URL Resources that this starship has appeared in. 'hyperdrive_rating' is a string for the class of this starship’s hyperdrive. 'length' is a string that specifies the length of this starship in meters. 'manufacturer' is a string indicating the manufacturer of this starship, which may be comma separated if more than one. 'max_atmosphering_speed' is a string for the maximum speed of this starship in atmosphere, which is 'n/a' if this starship is incapable of atmosphering flight. 'model' is a string denoting the model or official name of this starship, such as T-65 X-wing or DS-1 Orbital Battle Station. 'name' is a string that provides the name of this starship, the common name such as Death Star. 'passengers' is a string for the number of non-essential people this starship can transport. 'pilots' is an array of People URL Resources that this starship has been piloted by. 'starship_class' is a string describing the class of this starship, such as Starfighter or Deep Space Mobile Battlestation. 'url' is a string in URI format that represents the hypermedia URL of this resource. All fields are required at the root level. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.