The schema describes an export webhook. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'id' is a string that represents the unique identifier for this export and is required. 'name' is a string or null that represents the name of this export (e.g. User Details) and is optional. 'requester' is a string that represents the person or machine that requested this export and is required. 'status' is a string that represents the status of this export (e.g. is it running/finished?) and is required, with allowed values being 'PENDING', 'ABORTED', and 'COMPLETED'. 'dateCreated' is an integer that represents the date this export was created and is required. 'dateCompleted' is an integer or null that represents the date this export completed and is optional. 'mailtoEmail' is a string or null that represents the email address that will receive a download link for this export when it completes and is optional. 'dateExpires' is an integer or null that represents the date this export expires (e.g. when it will no longer be downloadable) and is optional. 'outputFormat' is a string that represents the format this export will be generated in (e.g. CSV or Excel) and is required, with allowed values being 'XLSX' and 'CSV'. 'task' is a string that represents the type of export generated and is required, with allowed values being 'USER', 'REFERRAL', 'REWARD_BALANCE', 'USER_REWARD_BALANCE', 'USER_REFERRAL', 'REFERRAL_PARTICIPANT', and 'REDEEMABLE_REWARD_BALANCE'. 'operation' is a string that represents the operation being performed (for exports this is always QUERY) and is required. 'params' is an object that represents parameters used to filter the export (e.g. by date or program) and is optional. 'stats' is an object or null that represents statistics recorded upon completions of the export and is optional, containing 'recordsProcessed', an integer that represents the number of records that were processed to complete this export, and 'errors', an integer that represents the number of errors that occurred while running this export. 'fileRef' is a string or null that represents a link to an uploaded file if this export was based on an uploaded file (e.g. a list of redemption) and is optional. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.