The schema describes the Spydra configuration. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'cluster_type' is a string representing the type of cluster to execute on. It is optional and can take the values 'onpremise', 'dataproc', or 'null'. 'client_id' is a string representing a unique ID of the Spydra client. It is optional. 'history_timeout' is a number indicating the time in seconds to wait for job history to be moved. It is optional. 'log_bucket' is a string for the bucket for storage of Hadoop logs and history information. It is optional. 'region' is a string indicating the region in which the cluster should be created. It replaces the zone option in the cluster. It is optional. 'job_type' is a string representing the type of job to execute (e.g., hadoop/spark/etc). It is optional. 'cluster' is an object that contains options for cluster creation. It is optional, and its properties include 'options', which is an object for gcloud options for cluster creation. Additional properties for this object are allowed and must be strings. 'submit' is an object for options for job submission. It is optional, and its properties include 'options', which is an object for gcloud options for job submission, where additional properties are allowed and must be strings; 'job_args', which is an array of strings for additional job arguments; and 'py_file', which is a string representing the main .py file to run as the driver. 'auto_scaler' is an object for options for the EXPERIMENTAL autoscaler. It is optional, and has properties like 'interval', which is a number for the autoscaling interval in minutes; 'max', which is a number for the maximum number of nodes to use for autoscaling; 'factor', which is a number indicating the percentage of containers that should be running from 0.0 to 1.0; 'downscale', which is a boolean indicating whether or not to enable downscaling; and 'downscale_timeout', which is a number for how long to wait in minutes for active jobs to finish before terminating nodes. 'pooling' is an object for options for the EXPERIMENTAL pooling of cluster. It is optional, with properties including 'limit', a number for the limit of concurrent clusters, and 'max_age', a string for the maximum age of a cluster. 'dry_run' is a boolean indicating whether to not execute anything, just print out commands that would be run. It is optional. 'metric_class' is a string for the implementation to use for metrics reporting. It is optional. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.