The schema describes configuration settings for rndpwd. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'remoteConfigProvider' is a string that specifies the remote configuration source (if any), optional with a default value of an empty string and allowed values of '', 'consul', or 'etcd'. 'remoteConfigEndpoint' is a string that specifies the remote configuration URL (ip:port), optional with a default value of an empty string. 'remoteConfigPath' is a string that specifies the remote configuration path in which to search for the configuration file (e.g. '/config/rndpwd'), optional with a default value of an empty string. 'remoteConfigSecretKeyring' is a string that specifies the path to the openpgp secret keyring used to decrypt the remote configuration data (e.g. '/etc/rndpwd/configkey.gpg'), optional with a default value of an empty string. 'log' is an object that contains logging settings, required. 'level' is a string that defines the default log level, required with a default value of 'DEBUG' and allowed values of 'EMERGENCY', 'ALERT', 'CRITICAL', 'ERROR', 'WARNING', 'NOTICE', 'INFO', or 'DEBUG'. 'network' is a string that specifies the network type used by the Syslog, optional with a default value of an empty string and allowed values of '' or 'udp', 'tcp'. 'address' is a string that specifies the network address of the Syslog daemon (ip:port) or just (:port), optional with a default value of an empty string. 'stats' is an object that is used for collecting usage metrics, required. 'prefix' is a string that specifies the StatsD client's string prefix that will be used in every bucket name, required with a default value of 'rndpwd'. 'network' is a string that specifies the network type used by the StatsD client, required with a default value of 'udp' and allowed values of 'udp' or 'tcp'. 'address' is a string that specifies the network address of the StatsD daemon (ip:port) or just (:port), required with a default value of ':8125'. 'flush_period' is an integer that sets how often (in milliseconds) the StatsD client's buffer is flushed, required with a default value of 100, and it must be between 0 and 1000. 'serverAddress' is a string that specifies the internal HTTP address (ip:port) or just (:port), required with a default value of ':8017'. 'charset' is a string that contains the valid characters for a password, required with a default value of '!#$%&()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ^_abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz~'. 'length' is an integer that specifies the length of each password (number of characters or bytes), required with a default value of 32. 'quantity' is an integer that specifies the number of passwords to return, required with a default value of 10. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.