The schema describes a NodeInfo implementation. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'version' is a string the schema version, must be 2.0, required; it has an enum with allowed value '2.0'. 'software' is an object metadata about server software in use, required, which contains 'name' as a string the canonical name of this server software, required, with a pattern '^[a-z0-9-]+$', and 'version' as a string the version of this server software, required. 'protocols' is an array the protocols supported on this server, required, with a minimum of 1 item, where items have an enum with allowed values: 'activitypub', 'buddycloud', 'dfrn', 'diaspora', 'libertree', 'ostatus', 'pumpio', 'tent', 'xmpp', 'zot'. 'services' is an object the third party sites this server can connect to via their application API, required, which contains 'inbound' as an array the third party sites this server can retrieve messages from for combined display with regular traffic, with a minimum of 0 items, where items have an enum with allowed values: 'atom1.0', 'gnusocial', 'imap', 'pnut', 'pop3', 'pumpio', 'rss2.0', 'twitter'; and 'outbound' as an array the third party sites this server can publish messages to on the behalf of a user, with a minimum of 0 items, where items have an enum with allowed values: 'atom1.0', 'blogger', 'buddycloud', 'diaspora', 'dreamwidth', 'drupal', 'facebook', 'friendica', 'gnusocial', 'google', 'insanejournal', 'libertree', 'linkedin', 'livejournal', 'mediagoblin', 'myspace', 'pinterest', 'pnut', 'posterous', 'pumpio', 'redmatrix', 'rss2.0', 'smtp', 'tent', 'tumblr', 'twitter', 'wordpress', 'xmpp'. 'openRegistrations' is a boolean whether this server allows open self-registration, optional. 'usage' is an object usage statistics for this server, required, which contains 'users' as an object statistics about the users of this server, required; it has 'total' as an integer the total amount of on this server registered users, with a minimum of 0; 'activeHalfyear' as an integer the amount of users that signed in at least once in the last 180 days, with a minimum of 0; and 'activeMonth' as an integer the amount of users that signed in at least once in the last 30 days, with a minimum of 0; 'localPosts' is an integer the amount of posts that were made by users that are registered on this server, with a minimum of 0, optional; 'localComments' is an integer the amount of comments that were made by users that are registered on this server, with a minimum of 0, optional. 'metadata' is an object free form key value pairs for software specific values, optional. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.