The schema describes the configuration for a marathon-lb instance. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'marathon-lb' is an object representing the marathon-lb configuration. It is required and must include the fields 'cpus', 'mem', 'haproxy-group', 'instances', and 'name'. Other properties within 'marathon-lb' include: 'auto-assign-service-ports' is a boolean, it has a default value of false and describes whether to auto assign service ports for tasks using IP-per-task. 'bind-http-https' is a boolean, it has a default value of true and describes the reservation of ports 80 and 443 for the load balancer. 'cpus' is a number, it has a default value of 2, and a minimum value of 1, representing the CPU shares to allocate to each marathon-lb instance. 'haproxy-group' is a string, it has a default value of 'external', and describes the HAProxy group parameter. 'haproxy-map' is a boolean, it has a default value of true, enabling HAProxy VHost maps for fast VHost routing. 'instances' is an integer, it has a default value of 1, and a minimum value of 1, indicating the number of instances to run. 'marathon-uri' is a string, it has a default value of 'http://master.mesos:8080', representing the URI of the Marathon instance. 'maximumOverCapacity' is a number, it has a default value of 0.2 and a minimum value of 0, indicating the maximum over capacity. 'mem' is a number, it has a default value of 1024.0, and a minimum value of 256.0, specifying the memory (MB) to allocate to each marathon-lb task. 'minimumHealthCapacity' is a number, it has a default value of 0.5 and a minimum value of 0, representing the minimum health capacity. 'name' is a string, it has a default value of 'marathon-lb', providing a name for the LB instance. 'role' is a string, it has a default value of 'slave_public', indicating the role for deployment. 'ssl-cert' is a string, describing the TLS Cert and private key for HTTPS. 'sysctl-params' is a string, it has a default value containing system control parameters to set at startup for HAProxy. 'template-url' is a string, it has a default value of an empty string, representing the URL to a tarball containing customized HAProxy config templates. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.