The schema describes the configuration properties for a Kong service deployment. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'database' is an object KONG database configuration properties. It is required and must include 'password', 'host', 'user', 'port', and 'database' fields. 'host' is a string that specifies the DNS name of the internal MLB, with a default value of 'postgresql.marathon.l4lb.thisdcos.directory'. 'port' is an integer representing the service port for the postgresdb, with a default value of 5432. 'user' is a string for the postgresdb username, defaulting to 'kong'. 'password' is a string for the postgresdb password, defaulting to 'kong'. 'database' is a string that defines the database backend type, defaulting to 'postgres'. 'kong' is an object DC/OS service configuration properties. It is required and must include 'cpus', 'mem', 'instances', and 'name' fields. 'cpus' is a number representing CPU shares, with a minimum value of 1 and a default of 1. 'instances' is an integer for the number of instances to run, with a minimum value of 1 and a default of 1. 'mem' is a number indicating the memory (MB) allocated to each task, with a minimum value of 512 and a default of 512. 'name' is a string for the application name, defaulting to 'kong'. 'role' is a string specifying the role for deploying crm, with a default value of '*'. 'marathon-lb' is an object Marathon-LB service configuration properties. It is required and must include 'port0', 'port1', 'port2', 'port3', 'group0', and 'group1' fields. 'group0' is a string that states the MLB name for HAPROXY_0_GROUP, defaulting to 'external'. 'group1' is a string that states the MLB name for HAPROXY_1_GROUP, defaulting to 'external'. 'port0' is an integer representing the service port for port0, defaulting to 10001. 'port1' is an integer for the service port for port1, defaulting to 10002. 'port2' is an integer for the service port for port2, defaulting to 10003. 'port3' is an integer for the service port for port3, defaulting to 10004. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.