The schema describes the configuration for a marathon load balancer. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'marathon-lb' is an object that contains configuration options for the load balancer. It includes required fields: 'cpus', 'mem', 'haproxy-group', 'instances', and 'name', and has default values. The property 'auto-assign-service-ports' is a boolean that defaults to false, describing whether to auto-assign service ports for tasks which use IP-per-task. The property 'bind-http-https' is a boolean with a default of true, indicating whether to reserve ports 80 and 443 for the load balancer. The property 'cpus' is a number with a default of 2, indicating CPU shares to allocate, and has a minimum value of 1. The property 'haproxy-group' is a string with a default of 'external', describing the HAProxy group parameter. The property 'instances' is an integer with a default of 1, indicating the number of instances to run, and has a minimum value of 1. The property 'marathon-uri' is a string with a default of 'http://master.mesos:8080', specifying the URI of the Marathon instance. The property 'maximumOverCapacity' is a number with a default of 0.2, indicating the maximum over capacity, and has a minimum value of 0. The property 'mem' is a number with a default of 1024.0, denoting memory (MB) to allocate to each task and has a minimum value of 256.0. The property 'minimumHealthCapacity' is a number with a default of 0.5, describing the minimum health capacity, and has a minimum value of 0. The property 'name' is a string that defaults to 'marathon-lb', specifying the name for the load balancer instance. The property 'role' is a string with a default of 'slave_public', indicating the nodes on which to deploy the load balancer. The property 'ssl-cert' is a string for the TLS Certificate and private key for HTTPS. The property 'sysctl-params' is a string with a default set of sysctl parameters to configure at startup. The property 'template-url' is a string with a default of an empty string, specifying the URL to the tarball containing the directory for custom templates for HAProxy. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.