The schema describes OpenLDAP and DC/OS service configuration properties. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'openldap' is an object that contains configuration properties for the OpenLDAP service. It is required and defines the following properties: 'additional_modules' is an optional string that specifies a comma-separated list of modules to load. 'additional_schemas' is an optional string that loads additional schemas provided in the slapd package. 'admin_password' is an optional string that sets the administrator password, defaulting to 'admin' if not defined. 'config_password' is an optional string that allows password-protected access to the dn=config branch. 'cpus' is a required number representing CPU shares to allocate to each OpenLDAP node, with a minimum value of 0.3 and a default of 0.3. 'domain' is an optional string for the LDAP domain, defaulting to 'ldap.example.org'. 'force_reconfigure' is an optional boolean that indicates whether to reconfigure the service after initialization, defaulting to false. 'host_volume' is a required string specifying the path of a volume on the host for persisting OpenLDAP data. 'mem' is a required number for memory allocation to each OpenLDAP node, with a minimum of 128.0 and a default of 128.0. 'name' is a required string for the package name, defaulting to 'openldap'. 'organization' is an optional string representing the organization name. 'port' is an optional number for the port used for clear communication, defaulting to 10389. 'port_ssl' is an optional number for the port used for secure communication, defaulting to 10636. 'version' is an optional string for the package version, defaulting to '0.1'. 'virtual_host' is an optional string for the Virtual Host URL used in the external load balancer, defaulting to 'ldap.example.org'. 'service' is an object that contains configuration properties for the DC/OS service, with 'name' being an optional string representing the name of the OpenLDAP service instance, defaulting to 'openldap'. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.