The schema describes SQL Server configuration properties. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'networking' is an object sqlserver networking configuration properties. It contains optional properties: 'external_access' is an object Enable access from outside the cluster through Marathon-LB. It further contains optional properties: 'enable' is a boolean Enable or disable creating a VIP for external access through a public node running Marathon-LB, with a default of false. 'external_access_port' is a number For external access, port number to be used for clear communication in the external Marathon-LB load balancer, with a default of 11433. 'host_mode' is a boolean Enable or disable host networking mode. NOTE: this requires the default port to be available on the target host. This also forces to have a single instance per node, with a default of false. 'port' is a number Port number to be used for clear communication internally to the cluster. Currently unused and fixed to be 3306, with a default of 1433. 'service' is an object DC/OS service configuration properties. It contains required properties: 'cpus' is a number CPU shares to allocate to each service instance, with a minimum of 1 and a default of 1. 'mem' is a number Memory to allocate to each service instance, with a minimum of 4096.0 and a default of 4096.0. 'name' is a string Name of this service instance, with a default of 'sqlserver'. 'sa_password' is a string Specifies the system administrator (userid = 'sa') password used to connect to SQL Server once the container is running, with a default of 'YourStrong!Passw0rd'. 'storage' is an object sqlserver storage configuration properties. It contains optional properties: 'host_volume' is a string If using non-persistent volumes (local volumes), this sets the location of a volume on the host to be used for the service, with a default of '/tmp'. 'persistence' is an object Enable persistent storage. It contains optional properties: 'enable' is a boolean Enable or disable persistent storage, with a default of false. 'external' is an object External persistent storage properties. It contains optional properties: 'driver' is a string Volume driver to use for storage, with a default of 'rexray'. 'enable' is a boolean Enable or disable external persistent storage, with a default of false. 'provider' is a string Provider of the external persistent volume, with a default of 'dvdi'. 'volume_name' is a string Name that your volume driver uses to look up your external volume, with a default of 'sqlserver'. 'volume_size' is a number If a new volume is to be created, this controls its size in MBs, with a default of 1024. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.