The schema describes DC/OS service configuration properties. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'service' is an object representing DC/OS service configuration properties. It is optional and contains several properties: 'cpus' is a number representing CPU shares to allocate to each service instance, with a default value of 0.5 and a minimum of 0.5. 'external_access' is an object enabling access from outside the cluster through Marathon-LB. It contains: 'enable', a boolean to enable or disable creating a VIP for external access (default true), 'external_access_port', a number for the port number to be used for clear communication in Marathon-LB (default 9000), and 'virtual_host', a string for the Virtual Host URL used in Marathon-LB (default 'spark-thrift-server.example.org'). 'host_path' is a string representing the path in the host for temporary storage, with a default value of '/var/lib/tmp/spark'. 'instances' is a number specifying the number of service instances to run, with a default of 1 and a minimum of 1. 'mem' is a number representing memory to allocate to each instance, with a default of 512.0 and a minimum of 512.0. 'name' is a string for the name of the service instance, with a default value of 'spark-thrift-server'. 'port' is a number for the TCP port of the Spark Thrift Server service, with a default of 9000. 'spark-cores-max' is a string for the maximum number of cores to allocate to Spark, with a default value of '24'. 'spark-driver-memory' is a string for memory to allocate to the Spark driver, with a default value of '512m'. 'spark-executor-cores' is a string for the maximum number of cores for the Spark executor, with a default value of '1'. 'spark-executor-docker-image' is a string for the docker image name for Spark, with a default value of 'mesosphere/spark:1.0.8-2.1.0-1-hadoop-2.7'. 'spark-executor-memory' is a string for memory to allocate to the executor, with a default value of '1024m'. 'spark-max-executors' is a string for the maximum number of executors for Spark, with a default value of '10'. 'spark-mesos-extra-cores' is a string for extra cores for Spark on Mesos, with a default value of '1'. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.