The schema describes the configuration for logging. It is an object type. The main properties of the schema are: 'logging' is an object that specifies if and how log messages should be collected and sent. 'logging' is required. It has the following properties: 'enabled' is a boolean that tells if log processing should be performed at all, with a default value of true. 'requestPolicy' is a string that specifies if the messages are pushed as an array or each message on its own, with allowed values 'BATCH' and 'PER_MESSAGE', and a default value of 'BATCH'. 'threshold' is an object that specifies how often to publish collected log messages, with a default value of {'seconds': 120, 'messages': 100}. It has the properties: 'seconds' is an integer that defines the maximum number of seconds to keep log messages before publishing them, with a default value of 120. 'messages' is an integer that defines the maximum number of log messages to gather before publishing them, with a default value of 100. 'retry' is an object that specifies if the activity should retry to submit messages, with a default value of {'enabled': false}. It has the properties: 'enabled' is a boolean that enables or disables the feature, with a default value of false. 'seconds' is an integer that defines the time interval in seconds between retries and should be higher than 'threshold.seconds', with a default value of 180. 'retries' is an integer that defines the number of retries until messages are deleted, with a default value of 10. 'instanceId' is an object that configures if an instance ID is added to the headers of a POST request. 'instanceId' is required. It has the following properties: 'enabled' is a boolean that configures if an instance ID is added to the headers, with a default value of false. 'header' is a string that defines the name of the header that includes the temporary identifier for the current browser session, with a default value of 'x-laxar-log-tags'. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.