The schema describes a configuration for listing and selecting widgets and activities. It is an object type. It defines several reusable components under 'definitions': The root schema directly defines 'properties'. The main properties of the schema are: 'list' is an object that displays a selectable list of widgets and activities received through a resource. It is required. It has a required property 'resource', which is a string formatted as 'topic', describing the topic of the resource with the list. There is an optional property 'title', which is an object containing an optional property 'htmlLabel', a string that serves as the title for the selectable list and has a default value of { 'htmlLabel': 'Widgets' }. 'select' is an object that selects a widget from the list and publishes resources with data of the selected widget. It is required. It has a required property 'parameter', which is a string formatted as 'topic', describing the place parameter for the flow definition. There is an optional property 'parameterList', which is an array of strings formatted as 'topic', describing a list with place parameters that are overwritten with an empty string, with a default value of an empty array. The 'information' property is an object containing an optional property 'resource', which is a string formatted as 'topic', describing the topic of the resource with the widget.json content. The 'package' property is an object containing an optional property 'resource', which is a string formatted as 'topic', describing the topic of the resource with the package.json content. The 'documentation' property is an object containing an optional property 'resource', which is a string formatted as 'topic', describing the topic of the resource with the documentation markdown url. The 'testRunner' property is an object containing an optional property 'resource', which is a string formatted as 'topic', describing the topic of the resource with the url to the test runner. No additional properties are allowed at the root level.